and then Richie Sunnah comes out and
says I'll pledge
to bring down inflation and I was
thinking this guy this guy that is like
me saying right before this in January
that's me saying I'll pledge in the next
six months to bring the temperature up
by at least 10 degrees
you know this you know like like we know
we've almost certainty already let's see
what happened right and he's saying
that I'm gonna do this this guy's a joke
right this guy's such a joker
but I mean
what can you say man it's a good
strategy you know
he'll succeed at least in that one but
his Five Point policy because anyone
could succeed anything that was gonna
happen anyway
um but well done and I think what we
should add
inflation coming down does not mean
prices coming up
inflation is the rate of increase in
prices so it just means that prices are
going to stop going up as fast as they
were so you know it don't make things
better